  Cowboy Bebop
10/10
A space-age sci-fi Episodic following the lives of a group of bounty hunters trying
to escape their troubled pasts. While each episode is mostly seperated theme wise from
others, the overarching plots tie together neatly in the final two tear-jerking episodes.
You're Gonna Carry That Weight.

  Golden Kamuy
7/10
An action/adventure/comedy set shortly after the Russo-Japanese war following the
"immortal" Sugimoto and this band of friends hunting down convicts with tattoos of a map
that will lead them to gold. The show expertly flips between high octane fighting, comedic
elements, and an unexpected lightly educational view into natives cooking methods.

  Jojo's
9/10
A multi-part story following the Joestar family using their powers to stop vampires
through powers gained from air flow, serial killers with stand powers, and gangsters.
A highly comedic action with action scenes that never grow old on rewatches. Known
from being insanely bizarre at times yet due to the consistent nature of its bizzarity,
never feeling out of place.

  Akira
10/10
One of the most highly regarded anime films of all time. Following Kaneda and his gang
members in 2019. Trying to find their friend abducted by a monolithic corporation which
unveils into a psychic powered, psychological, delving into religious philosophy. Some of
the best music tied into a beautiful world full of life.

  Fate/Zero
10/10
At first glance Zero seemed like just another action set in the Fate universe. However
upon watching it immediately showed itself to be one of the most interesting character
driven shows I have ever had the extreme pleasure of viewing. Following the seven mages
and their servants in the 4th Holy Grail war, mostly focusing on the father of Stay Night's
protagonist, Emiya Kiritsugu. Renowned "Mage Killer" hitman hoping to win the grail in order
to save all of humanity. Pitted against Kirei Kotomine - Priest of the Holy Church with
a deeply suppressed sadistic side just waiting to burst into the world to inflict as much
agony as possible. The dichotomy between these two was done with such expertise that their
final fight had me on the edge of my seat. A prequel that exceeded its source while also
adding enough weight to the characters to improve the source on re-reads.

  UBW
9/10
An adaptation of the route of the same name from the Fate/Stay Night Visual Novel. Notable
for its insanely well done effects and art style, paired with an always fist pumping soundtrack,
and the now famous characters refined to be their very best. While UBW is not the best
route in the VN, UFOtable have shown their skills in making one of the highest rated shows
in the past decade.

  FMA:B
10/10
I regard FMA as the best anime ever made. A perfect set of characters and story, an enthralling
world, and a quest that takes the viewers on one of the most emotional rides they'll ever
see.

  Kizumonogatari
9/10
A movie trilogy set as a prequel to Bakemonogatari. Here we see how protagonist Araragi became
a half vampire, and how is friendship with Hanekawa began. With some of the flashiest and
goriest fight scenes in the series and one of the most enjoyable movie series made, it is easy
to see how it became known as the best of Monogatari.

  Redline
9/10
Well known for its existance in limbo, the movie took an insane 7 years production time.
However it was definetely worth the weight. Beautifully fully frame-drawn animation gives
the bombastic sci-fi space racer an eye-glued-to-screen watching, paired with characters
who while partially lacking - give a lot more joy than would be expected.
