  PoE
8/10
Deadfire set my standards for party RPGs. A well written plot, lovable characters,
actual consequences of actions, great level design, and some kick-ass voice acting.
My only complaint is the shortness of most dungeons and the kinda confusing ship
combat the first couple fights.

  Nier Automata
10/10
I toot Automata as my favourite game ever. A game I'll never forget. It's been a long
time since I was so engaged with a game and I don't think something will ever
come close for another long time. A deeply philisophical game with existential questions
of humanity and the individual, paired with an extremely interesting hack-and-slash plus
pseudo-3D-bullet-hell combat system, and one of the best OSTs I've ever heard in my life.
Pick up this if you even have the slight bit of interest.

  Spiderman
9/10
The game that pushed me to upgrade to a PS4 Pro. A mesmerising experience of web-slinging
around New York that flows naturally into combat, paired with an story experience that I
can only describe as "I wish my movies were as good at storytelling as my games.". My
only gripe with the game being its kind of slow gadget selection screen pulling me out
of combat some times.

  MHW
7/10
A classic grindfest finally brought to a platform that doesn't give me hand-cramps.
A large number of weapon-types all being usable, interesting boss-monsters, and varied
locales. A great game to play with friends or to play alone while watching Netflix.
An abysmally bad story brings this game down though, I've never been so uninterested
in extremely one dimensional characters.

  VA-11 Hall-A
10/10
Cyberpunk - Subterfuge, Advanced Tech, Mega-Corporations, Replicants, Bartending?
A world as interesting as most cyberpunks but this time you aren't playing as an all
important figure to the world shaping it to your ideals, you are a bartender named Jill
who is trying to pay her rent. That's it. A Visual Novel with some light gameplay in the
form of mixing drinks. The perfect game for a night alone while drinking some whiskey.
Some of the most well written characters I've ever seen and an atmosphere that fully draws
you in. A futuristic city with an extremely sketchy corporate police force but what are
you gonna do about them? Nothing. You are just a bartender. You'll chat with customers
about the world around you and some personal matters with the ones you are close to but
your impact on the world only extends to the people around you and the ones you care about.
VA-11 Hall-A helped my world view become a lot more optimistic after playing it, I regularly
listen to its soundtrack on the way to work.

  Fate: Grand Order
6.5/10
A mobile gacha game tied to the Fate universe, extremely interesting story as far as most gacha
games go and quite allowing with its free-to-play audience to still fully enjoy the game.
Although it does have some of the annoying elements as most mobile games, a daily stamina meter,
paid currency, and a rather quiet dev team brings down this enjoyable game.

  Persona 5
10/10
Placed in the shoes of part-time student part-time "Phantom Thief of Hearts" you live the double
life, breaking into people's minds to force them to see the evil they have committed to make them
confess through their own mouths. An incredibly jazzy experience wonderfully jelling the mundane
yet not uninteresting life of a student and the connections with people he meets, with the
high-energy stealthing, dungeon crawling and turn based fighting of the Phantom Thieves. One of
the grooviest soundtracks that I never tire of hearing, and the best story ever written by Atlus.

  BOTW
9/10
A complete re-imagining of the Zelda formula brings us to one of the most atmospheric open worlds
and interesting Zelda game ever made with combat and movement systems that gel so well with
what you expect to happen when you try them, combat has a mechanic where you can point your
shield downwards, do it on a hill and you'll start sliding down it as a surfboard. Don't wanna
play all of those pesky interesting quests? just leg it butt-ass naked to Ganon's castle and
fight him with whatever crap you picked up on your way there.

  Splatoon 2
7/10
Honestly I never thought I'd like Splatoon 1, I was dead wrong. Splatoon 2 is better in every
way. Hip, cool, funny. The first two I'd never describe it as unless I was currently playing
the game. Traversal and combat are intertwined together, you shoot ink and travel through it.
The goal? ink as much as you can on the map, another team will be doing the same, you can focus
on stopping them or focus on undoing their work. An interesting take on the multiplayer shooter.
